this is coach Ivan I'm out here at the
national underclassmen combine in
downtown Los Angeles California we're at
Cathedral High School and I just
finished doing the eighth and ninth
grade session and that is the ultimate
100 and I'm standing extra offensive
line MVP and also our Leadership Award
recipient and that is none other than
jake grant and jake is at a horizon high
school out of Arizona and Jake you know
you're our overall offensive lineman MVP
and you're also a Leadership Award
winner do you consider yourself a leader
yes I do on and off the field I try and
lead by example
just do give my best everything I to do
and do you enjoy leading men yes sir
forgot you and as far as an offensive
line in BPO coach said you were very
aggressive you're a hard worker you had
a great attitude you were very coachable
you listen to suggestions and you had
great feet what sort of what sort of
things do you feel are your best
attribute in your position well my
hard-working mentality is really what
gets me going when I get aggressive it's
just I doesn't stop it just comes out he
keeps going the whole game full combine
it's my dressing if I got a foot work
and my punch he's got to keep working
and get better every day doctor arrived
in high school Arizona how you guys
looking for you we're gonna look pretty
good we got a whole new coaching staff
I'll get new coaches our upcoming sought
juniors and upcoming sophomores are
looking really good and our senior
classes to pull a bunch of leaders so
hopefully we'll be really well next week
what you think about the competition
awesome I can can ask for more just more
work you know another work a day just
more work can connect to a better hat
you know college wise you're in the
ninth grade you're going to the 10th
grade what sort of college is over you
can give me a cop anymore Arizona State
just because if I could run out of Tim
in tomah tunnel I'd make it last I've
worked my I just work
in Texas University of Texas just cause
I want to get more competition down
there they got great university great
program down there and Stanford just
because football doesn't work out a
Stanford degree it means a lot it's
pretty smart eh that's pretty smart well
Jake congratulations on both of you
my name is urgent success in your season
and we look forward to hearing following
your progress mean congratulations thank
you say great job thank you God let's go
right now right now everyone going down
you